well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about
trump
mcconnell and a question that that was
messaged to me that
i went back and looked and i have talked
about this topic
quite a few times and i have never
answered this question
we've discussed how there's an internal
contest between trump and mcconnell
for control of the republican party once
trump leaves
who is going to be the real power broker
and the question is when do we get to
find out who wins
on january 6th the republican party will
be conducting a poll
and they will decide whether they want
to be the party of trump
or the party of mcconnell
now prior to this poll being taken
there's going to be all kind of
theatrics there's going to be a bunch of
political theater
because it's not really a poll they're
going to be voting on
objections to the electoral votes
now these objections despite all of the
political theater that's going to occur
they're not going to go anywhere prior
to walking out here i try to come up
with a scenario
in which they could go somewhere and i
couldn't
you're talking about a percent of a
percent of a percent of a percent of a
chance
it's not going to happen but the votes
are going to take place anyway
a bunch of trump loyalists will object
to the electoral college okay
and republicans will vote
whether to sustain those objections or
you know shoot them down those who vote
in favor of the objections
are saying i want trump to control the
party
those who vote against them are saying i
want mcconnell
to control the party that's really what
it's about
it's it's not about the
the electoral votes at all it's a poll
and that's how you need to think of it
when you see the breakdown of who voted
which direction that's what you're going
to see trump loyalists
are going to vote in favor of these
objections
anybody who votes against them is
conceding that they're going to roll
with mcconnell regardless
of what they actually think of trump
because it's not about that it's about
political capital at this point
my best guess is that you're going to
see a whole lot of newer
representatives and senators vote in
favor of these objections
because to them it may seem
like trump is the real powerhouse
to the more experienced politicians the
people who have been up there a while
they know mcconnell is actually the one
that holds the reins they understand
that if they vote
in favor of trump mcconnell can make
life pretty hard for him we know
how good mcconnell is at obstructing
things
he can do the same thing to them
trump isn't going to be in power
mcconnell will be
however trump has twitter to newer reps
they may not want to face that backlash
because
they're new they don't understand the
long-term
game that gets played up there
um so that's that's when we get to find
out january 6th
and regardless of all of the theatrics
that i'm sure
will be taking place it's really
deciding whether mcconnell or trump
gets to hold the reins of power if i'm
wrong
and a whole bunch of people vote to
sustain these objections
count on trump still running the party
from twitter if he is
decisively defeated in this poll
it's mcconnell mcconnell will go back to
george bush era style of republican
party
trump will try to push his supporters
to be even more trump-esque
so as weird as it is
for people who watch this channel on
january 6th
you will be rooting for mcconnell
because he is definitely the lesser of
two evils out of that
yeah weird to say right um
my uh my best guess is that mcconnell
will win this poll
and then once he does that
the republican party is going to revert
back to being very obstructionist
during the biden administration that's
my best guess
but we'll find out just uh
stay calm because my guess is that
you're gonna see uh
a lot of trump loyalists trying to prove
how much they love trump and they are
going to say all kinds of wild things
um i wouldn't worry about them too much
a smart politician somebody who is
concerned with self-interest in
maintaining their own power
which is yeah i mean that's them
they're they're probably going to go
with mcconnell
if they understand how the game is
played
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day